Dear Crush,

If admiring you was a crime, I am set to get sentenced.

So, It all started the day you came wearing a yellow top, the whole morning become mesmerized i did nothing
all day but staring you like stars stares at the Moon, afterall who gonna not fall for a girl looking like a sunflower.
So simply, I fell for you & I would have fallen for you even gravity was zero.

Reason : You're cute, your smile cute, your eyes cute, your nose cute. Wanna blame someone? Blame yourself

People say time never stops, bunch of idiots, it does stop....It does when you smile, it does when you laugh,
it does when you speak. You have eyes like a loaded gun, a smile that could even make flowers & dead people blush, a laugh
that could make stars dance and a voice that is music to my ears. I could watch you again & again & again & again & again
& again & against all odds. If someone ever say You have flaws, don't believe, the eyes seeing you are flawed ones.

Everyone loves talking to the person he/she likes but I don't know how my brain gets into Error 404 whenever you come
infront of me. I forget all my words, all my jokes in a flash. Someone has wrote this so true that "A guy only fears the
the girl he likes". He can conquer the world but not his emotions infront of his crush. But it doesn't really matter to me
I am all Happy just by having your one glance of 3seconds and my next 24hrs are beautiful.

And few lines for you...
 
Thousands of eyes, but I was meant to be lost in yours :)
Thousands of arts, but I wanna admire you
Thousands of sports, but I wanna play with your hair
Thousands of songs, but all I want to hear is your voice :)

Might be you are thinking I am hyping you too much. I am not, You're pretty to my eyes and Beauty always lies in the eyes
of the beholder. Sometimes I think maybe words weren't enough so poetry was invented so that one day You could be
described

At last I am glad to say...
{Meeting You was a nice accident}

[ Reason of Death : Your cuteness ] 